### Activity:

**Mapping your growth**

🐝 Buzz / Draw-Pair-Share 

In this activity, we are focusing on telling the story of your development of the Big 10 that you have identified as your strongest.

Think back to the very first time you can remember yourself using this skill. Then, draw a timeline that starts with this first experience and includes at least two other times in which you learned something new, faced a challenge, or otherwise developed this Big 10. Keep in mind that for growth failing at something, and then understanding why you failed, is as important (if not more so) than success. For each point on this timeline, draw something will help you recall this moment in your development. 

Turn to your neighbor and tell them the story of your timeline. Listen to each other’s story and then ask questions where you would like more detail or clarification.

Taking their feedback into consideration, share your story with the full group. 

**Gathering evidence**

Well-developed examples like those in your stories can help demonstrate your growth. However, you make a more powerful case when you combine this telling of your growth with tangible evidence of what you can now do. 

The [Big 10 brainstorming & drafting worksheet](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1b8MuSpUsr5404lE0U8yuWgfBTDUGj9I5VJ7kxESujM8/edit?usp=sharing) asks you to provide one piece of evidence for each of the Big 10 criteria. This supporting evidence can be just about anything that provides documentation for either one of your examples, including feedback from your network, work products, employee reviews, photographs or screenshots, and much more. Make a list of the different kinds of evidence College Unbound students have used in their Big 10 portfolios [here](https://collegeunbound.digication.com/Big10resources/my-courses).

Then, share ideas for the evidence you might use for the Big 10 you are focusing on this week. Tell which criterion your evidence supports and why you choose it.

