### Activity:


**Job Interview Improv:**

Each interviewer should ask their interviewee three of the questions listed below. After the interviewer has had the chance to ask three questions they will become the interviewee,continuing through this process until everyone has a chance to interview and be interviewed. Ex: Person 1 will be interviewed by Person 2. Person 2 will be interviewed by Person 3 etc. Ending with Person 1 interviewing the last person.

**Potential Interview Questions:**
* Draw upon the strengths, examples, and evidence you have identified for your Big 10 to ace typical interview questions such as:
1. What is your greatest strength?
1. Describe a time when you failed or made a mistake. How did you deal with the situation?
1. How do you handle challenges? Give an example.
1. Give an example of a goal you reached and tell me how you achieved it.
1. Tell me about a time when you had a conflict with someone. 
1. Tell me about a time your responsibilities got overwhelming. What did you do?
1. Tell me about a time you set a goal for yourself. How did you go about ensuring that you would meet your objective?
1. Tell me about a time an unexpected problem derailed your planning. How did you recover?
1. Give me an example of a time when you had to have a difficult conversation with a frustrated client or colleague. How did you handle the situation?
1. Describe a time when you saw a problem and took the initiative to correct it.
1. Give me an example of a time you were able to be creative with your work. What was exciting or difficult about it?
1. What is your greatest weakness?
